Use `logging.pattern.level` recommended by Spring (#5726)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: docs/logger-mdc-instrumentation.md

  (same as `Span.current().getSpanContext().getTraceFlags().asHex()`).

Those three pieces of information can be included in log statements produced by the logging library
by specifying them in the pattern/format. 

> Tip: for Spring Boot configuration which uses logback, you can add MDC to log lines by overriding only the logging.pattern.level:

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
Tip: for Spring Boot configuration which uses logback, you can add MDC to log lines by overriding only the `logging.pattern.level`:
```

```properties

> logging.pattern.level = %prefix(%mdc{trace_id}) %prefix(%mdc{span_id}) %prefix(%mdc{trace_flags}) %5p

Reviewer 2: I had to look up what `%prefix` did, it looks cool, but I think maybe better to keep the example here simple to understand

Author: Hm, I'd say that also before the change, one would need some understanding of logback and look up what `%X` actually means. I've followed your advice though, but kept the more explicit `%mdc`.

  (same as `Span.current().getSpanContext().getTraceFlags().asHex()`).

Those three pieces of information can be included in log statements produced by the logging library
by specifying them in the pattern/format. 

> Example for Spring Boot configuration, which uses
> logback and the [last tip of this section](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/features.html#features.logging.custom-log-configuration):

Reviewer 2: I had not seen this tip before, so it took me a while to realize that `level` was not a mistake 😄

```suggestion
Tip: for Spring Boot configuration which uses logback, you can add MDC to log lines by overriding only the logging.pattern.level:
```

```properties

> logging.pattern.level = %prefix(%mdc{trace_id:-0}) %prefix(%mdc{span_id:-0}) %prefix(%mdc{trace_flags:-0}) %5p

Reviewer 2: what is the purpose of the default?

Author: Ah, well, we can omit it!
